Add Pull Request Guidelines to documentation. (#539)
j5api/j5: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

## Checklist

- [ ] I have updated the relevant documentation

> - [ ] I have added `semver-major`, `semver-minor` and `semver-patch` labels appropriately

Reviewer: I think each PR should only have one semver label
```suggestion
- [ ] I have added the `semver-major`, `semver-minor` or `semver-patch` label as appropriate
```
